Good Morning, this is DI Pullan,
may I speak to Dr Yap of the forensic pathology department.
Currently speaking.
Ah, good. I was just ringing you to inform you of
a suspicious death in the Roath area of Cardiff, last night.
O.K. Go on.
The deceased was identified as Marvin Settler.
He is a thirty four year old male,
who was found this morning at 7:30 AM,
slumped against an alley wall near to his house.
Although was cold to the touch and pulseless,
the woman who found him rang an ambulance and began CPR.
She has been trained in basic life support.
The ambulance crew pronounced the man dead at the scene,
and due to the circumstances of his death we thought
it best to involve you as quickly
as we could in this investigation.
I see.
When was the individual last seen?
Around 2:30, we think, that same morning,
he was leaving Live Lounge at the time.
And we believe he began walking home,
but did not make it.
Witness bystanders report of fighting between two individuals,
one of whom fits his description.
and he does have some injuries indicative of a fight.
And what do we know of Mr Settler?
We know he has a large social network,
but only one remaining living relative,
his Mother, whom we have informed of this tragic death.
He has no criminal record.
And is the manager of a local cake factory,
and we are in the process of taking statements from his co-workers.
In relation to the evening, we know he was drunk
but his friends believe he had not taken any drugs.
Do we know if Mr Settler has any medical history?
He had asthma when young, but that was controlled.
and he also broke his leg when he was sixteen.
O.K Thank you.
Is the body still at the scene of death?
It is yes.
Where and when would you like to meet then?
Would 1:00PM today work for you? Queensbury Road, Roath?
Yes, that sounds good
O.K, brilliant, thank you!